Story Recapped here.
Today, I'm going to explain a drama, fantasy,
horror film called "Tale of Tales."
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
In the kingdom of Longtrellis, the townspeople
are preparing to entertain the King and Queen.
The King and the rest of the court are visibly
happy with the performances, but the Queen
doesn't share everyone's uplifted mood.
When one performance ends with a jester spilling
a bucket of water on a pregnant woman, the
Queen hastily leaves the room.
With tears at the corner of her eyes, she
marches away from the crowd with the King
and his servants following her.
The Queen reaches their chambers and starts
breaking items out of anger.
When the King finally reaches her, he comforts
her as she weeps.
That evening, a necromancer visits the royal
couple, offering them a way to finally conceive
a child.
He explains that the birth of life must cost
a death to maintain the balance of the world.
The Queen is prepared to sacrifice her life
to give birth, eager to hear the man's solution.
The necromancer promises that the Queen will
be instantly pregnant if she eats a sea monster's
heart, which must be prepared alone by a maiden.
To carry out the instructions, the King sets
out into the river and to the sea, wearing
armor that allows him to breathe underwater.
At the bottom of the sea, he finds a pale
reptilian creature sleeping.
Slowly, he approaches the beast and stabs
it with his spear.
The creature wakes up, angered by the pain,
and throws the King off.
The King gets up, unable to see amidst the
blood mixed in the water.
Finally, he sees the creature just before
it swings its scaled tail at him before perishing
from the wound.
With the creature dead, the King's men cut
out its heart and lay it before the King,
who bears a gash across his stomach.
The King laughs, knowing that he succeeded,
before succumbing to his wounds.
The Queen approaches him and takes the creature's
heart in her arms, barely looking at her fallen
husband.
As the Queen instructed, a maiden prepares
the monster's heart, which still beats even
after being cut out.
As soon as the maiden puts the heart into
a pot of boiling water, she begins to feel
strange, clutching at her belly in pain.
Determined to carry a child, the Queen devours
the heart, her hands and face covered in its
blood.
On the next day, both the Queen and the Maiden
give birth.
Holding her son, the Queen is delighted, finally
having her wish come true.
The King of Highhills and the King of Strongcliff
attend the funeral for the King of Longtrellis.
During his wake, the Queen of Longtrellis
fawns over her son while the maiden carries
her own.
Sixteen years later, the Queen of Longtrellis
plays with her son, Elias, in the garden maze.
She struggles to keep up with him, allowing
him to hide along with his friend, Jonah,
who looks exactly like him.
Elias and Jonah climb over the maze, leaving
the Queen wondering where her son has gone
to.
She heads back to the castle and spots Elias
riding a horse with Jonah.
Elias and Jonah hide from the knights who
are looking for the prince.
Being able to breathe underwater, the two
boys evade the knights easily.
The Queen calls in the maiden, who is Jonah's
mother.
The Queen threatens to banish both Jonah and
his mother if Jonah continues to see Elias.
Elias finds Jonah's mother in tears as she
walks out of the courtroom, leading him to
question the Queen's insistence on separating
him from Jonah.
But the Queen reminds him that she is both
his mother and his Queen; thus, he should
obey her.
The Queen warns Elias that if she sees him
with Jonah again, they will both regret it.
Meanwhile, the King of Strongcliff wakes up
after a night of drinking and pleasure.
He stumbles inside his castle, intrigued by
a woman's singing.
He looks out the window and spots a woman
in town who hides from him when he makes suggestive
remarks at her.
Determined to get her attention, the King
sends the woman an expensive necklace, unaware
that the woman is old.
The woman, Dora, and her sister, Imma, fawns
over the necklace.
That evening, the elderly sisters prepare
for bed when the King of Strongcliff knocks
on their door.
He expresses his desire for Dora, whom he's
fallen for after he heard her sing.
Knowing that he won't be happy to see Dora's
appearance, Imma is about to confess when
Dora stops her.
Dora teases the King, wanting to take advantage
of the opportunity.
She promises that she will offer him a piece
of her if he returns in a week.
Confused yet overcome with desire, the King
agrees.
In the kingdom of Highhills, the princess,
Violet, plays a song that she composed for
her father.
The King of Highhills becomes distracted when
a flea continues to appear despite him swatting
it away.
Violet sees her father's distraction, concerned
yet continues to sing.
After the song is over, the King heads to
his room and tends to the flea.
He places it in an ornate box, fascinated
by the tiny insect.
As days go by, the King of Highhills is more
focused on caring for the flea than on his
kingdom.
Meanwhile, Violet's tutor reads a romantic
novel to her, which grows her interest.
One afternoon, Violet insists on getting married,
but she gets discouraged when the King doesn't
share her eagerness.
After Violet complains about her supper, the
King takes her leftovers to the flea, which
has grown gigantic.
The flea, hidden in his chambers, enjoys the
meal while the King is pleased as if caring
for a child.
Back in the kingdom of Longtrellis, the Queen
and Prince Elias watch a bear perform circus
acts.
Seeing her son laugh, the Queen is glad, thinking
that he's distracted enough not to disobey
her further.
That evening, the Queen prepares for an event
and asks Elias for help.
While he helps her put on a pair of earrings,
the Queen catches a whiff of his scent, baffled
at what she smells.
When he leaves, the Elias that helped her
was apparently Jonah, who meets with Elias
in his room.
The real Elias is ecstatic with the news,
thinking that they can both pretend to be
King once Elias ascends the throne.
Unbeknownst to them, the Queen listens to
their conversation through the window.
Having heard enough, she knocks on his door,
causing the two boys to switch clothes hurriedly.
The Queen enters to remind Elias that she
has sacrificed a lot to give him life despite
having only carried him in her womb for a
night.
When her words don't sway Elias, she tells
him that no one would love him as much as
she does before leaving.
With the Queen gone, Elias and Jonah share
confused looks before Jonah heads out to return
home.
Jonah climbs down the stairs and into the
butchery.
There, the Queen ambushes Jonah, hunting him
down with a fire poker.
Jonah evades and hides behind the hanging
meats as the Queen continues to search for
him.
Jonah crawls away from the scene, avoiding
the wrathful Queen.
On the next day, the Queen and Elias pose
for a royal painting, but the prince is distracted,
seeing Jonah bid his mother goodbye outside.
Unable to ignore this, Elias follows Jonah
and asks why he's leaving.
Jonah dodges his question but plunges a knife
into a tree root where water spouts out.
He promises Elias that as long as the water
is clear, he is well.
With that, Jonah leaves his friend, with the
Queen watching from a distance.
Days later, a few kids play with ducks on
the tree where the water spouts.
Elias shoos them away and checks on the water,
glad that it's still clear.
Back in Strongcliff, Dora and Imma attempt
to make her finger look younger to deceive
the King, but when Dora fails, she weeps.
The King of Strongcliff arrives, waiting at
her door.
Out of options, Dora uses Imma's younger-looking
finger to deceive the King, which he lustfully
fawns over.
The King demands her to show more, driving
Dora to a corner.
Pretending to be a shy maiden, Dora tells
him that she will spend the night with the
King only if he meets her in total darkness.
The King eagerly agrees.
That evening, Imma helps Dora prepare before
joining the King in his bed.
Imma prays for Dora to be safe despite fooling
the King, then goes to bed, feeling alone
for the first time without her sister.
That morning, the King wakes up and sees Dora
clearer.
When he sees her disfigured and aged appearance,
he demands the guards throw her out, accusing
her of being a witch.
As the King commands, the knights throw her
out of the window, saved only by her blanket
that gets caught on the tree branches.
A passing witch laughs at Dora's condition
before rescuing her.
Once Dora is on the ground, she weeps in both
pain and heartbreak.
The witch carries her to her chest and nurses
her like a mother.
When the witch leaves, Dora is fast asleep,
turning into a beautiful young woman.
Later that day, the King of Strongcliff hunts
in the woods when he finds the younger Dora.
Immediately, he falls in love with the enchanting
woman.
At the kingdom of Highhills, the King calls
his doctor to heal the gigantic flea.
The doctor is confused, having never seen
a creature like it before.
But it's too late; the giant flea dies, leaving
the King mourning.
He tells the doctor to keep the creature's
existence a secret before he goes.
In the morning, Violet picks out a dress that
her father sent.
The King of Highhills finally agrees to let
her marry, but her husband will be chosen
by a tournament, though he is sure that the
game he chose will be difficult to win.
Violet worries that she will not love the
man who wins or that she'll be stuck with
her father if no one wins.
The King has the gigantic flea skinned and
uses its hide for the tournament, promising
that whoever guesses which animal the hide
was taken from will marry his daughter.
Violet watches mournfully as men she doesn't
like walk up to the hide and take their guess.
When she spots a nobleman that she likes,
Violet asks her father the correct answer,
promising that she won't tell anyone.
The King finally relents, telling her that
the hide came from a flea, but Violet is underwhelmed,
thinking that he is lying.
The crowd gasps when an ogre steps up to guess.
Believing that no one would be able to know
the correct answer, the King allows the ogre
to take part in the contest, much to Violet's
dismay.
The ogre sniffs the hide carefully, then answers
that it's from a flea.
The King's smile dissolves, now bound to let
an ogre marry his daughter.
Violet rushes away, climbing over the castle
walls.
The King finds her standing on the edge, ready
to take her own life.
He pleads for her to stop, claiming that he
didn't expect anyone to guess.
Hoping to save his daughter, the King apologizes
and tells her that it's perhaps God's will
for her to marry the ogre, that it'd bring
her happiness.
Violet accuses him of being less of a beast,
given that he doesn't care for his child.
This angers the King, asserting his authority
on her.
With her voice breaking, Violet accepts the
marriage and leaves.
Marching out of the castle, Violet cries and
meets her new husband.
The ogre drags her out to the woods and carries
her to the mountain.
They arrive at his cave, but Violet hesitates,
frightened by the sight of numerous animal
bones.
Later that day, Violet remains in her corner,
mournful of the life she's pushed into.
The ogre pulls her back into the cave and
forces himself on her.
In the kingdom of Longtrellis, the tree sprouts
blood, alerting Elias that something happened
to Jonah.
He rides alone into the woods, leaving his
mother and her subjects to look for him.
Elias arrives in a town and is mistaken to
be Jonah.
Jonah's mother and her friends are glad to
see him safe, telling him that he'd been gone
for five days.
Back in the kingdom, the necromancer tells
the Queen that Elias and Jonah are inseparable.
He warns that her violent desires will require
violence, which the Queen is willing to pay.
In the woods, Elias continues to search for
Jonah.
Hearing him, Jonah calls out from a cave but
cannot move due to his injury.
Instead of Elias, a strange creature finds
Jonah, cornering him into a hole.
Elias sees Jonah and carries him away from
the beast.
The monster stops when Elias uses his body
to shield Jonah, allowing the prince to stab
the creature.
It instantly dies, letting the two leave and
reach the town.
Elias goes, knowing that his friend is safe.
Back in the cave, the monster slowly disintegrates,
leaving the Queen of Longtrellis' body behind.
In Strongcliff, a servant brings Imma a dazzling
dress, giving her an invitation to the royal
wedding sent by the future Queen.
Thinking that Dora succeeded in seducing the
King, Imma happily accepts.
Imma attends the wedding that evening, nervous
about being around noblemen and ladies.
When the King and his new Queen arrive, Imma
is confused, seeing the tall young woman in
the King's arms.
Later, the Queen takes Imma out of the court,
revealing herself as Dora.
Imma is frightened, confused at what happened.
Dora explains that she woke up and sees that
she's changed her skin.
Imma lovingly touches her sister's youthful
look as Dora promises that she will take care
of her sister.
Dora has Imma promise that they will keep
it a secret before leaving.
As the King and Queen begin the feast, Imma
tries to keep up but becomes distracted by
circus performers.
She tastes the food and becomes obsessed,
having never tried such delicacy before.
When the celebration is over, Imma is drunk
and refuses to leave the castle.
Dora takes her away and urges her to leave.
Imma insists on wanting to stay by her side,
but Dora refuses, knowing that it may jeopardize
her schemes.
Afterward, Dora prepares for bed, but Imma
sneaks into her room, begging to stay.
Angered, Dora shuts her down, reminding her
of her old appearance and so no one would
believe that they are sisters.
Imma now decides that she wants to be young
too, begging Dora to tell her how she did
it.
Frustrated, Dora lies that she had herself
flayed to change her skin.
As Dora is pulling Imma to leave, the King
arrives.
Dora hides Imma behind curtains as she spends
her honeymoon evening with the King.
Imma watches the newly married couple, allowing
the King to spot her in the room.
He assumes that Imma is the same woman he
had thrown over the window, alarming the guards.
Dora tries to calm her husband down, hoping
that Imma, who she now claims to be a neighbor,
won't be harmed.
But the King insists, frightened by the woman.
Dora allows her sister to get dragged away,
not wanting to reveal who she really is.
In the morning, Imma approaches a doctor,
begging him to flay her to change her skin.
The doctor refuses, thinking that she's gone
mad.
Imma moves on, searching for anyone else who
would skin her to turn her young.
Imma offers a man all the jewelry that Dora
gave her for the wedding ceremony as payment.
The payment convinces him.
The man takes her to the woods and does the
deed.
Imma whimpers in pain but holds on, believing
that it will turn her young and beautiful.
She walks back to town, bloody and weak.
In the ogre's cave, Violet desperately tends
to her clothes when she hears someone outside.
Desperately, she climbs out and finds a woman
whom she begs for help.
But the woman refuses, scared of the ogre.
Violet pleads in tears, making the woman think
twice.
The woman promises to bring others for help
tomorrow, forcing Violet to spend another
night with the ogre.
The following morning, Violet helps the ogre
clean animal skins when she spots a young
acrobat who helps her across the cliff.
The ogre notices her gone and chases after
them.
The acrobats cut the rope as soon as Violet
is across, causing the ogre to fall off the
cliff.
Happy to be rescued, Violet rides with the
acrobats and celebrates.
But the ogre, who survived the fall, reaches
their trailer and attacks them.
Violet grabs a knife before running with the
survivors to escape.
Hidden behind a pile of branches, the acrobat
shakily drinks some fuel then blows fire onto
the ogre's face.
The ogre screams in pain but catches the acrobat,
choking him until his neck breaks.
The woman tries to save him but suffers the
same fate.
Now alone, Violet runs away from her husband,
tired and frantic.
She climbs over rocks but finds herself on
a dead end.
Hearing the ogre's grunt, she crouches down
in tears until he sees her.
Frightened by his anger and with nowhere else
to go, Violet slowly walks back to him.
The ogre grabs her and pushes her back.
Then, in an attempt to calm him, Violet softly
lays her head on his chest.
The ogre accepts her embrace and motions for
her to climb over his shoulder to take her
home.
Instead, Violet slits his throat and watches
him scramble until he bleeds out.
In the castle of Highhills, the King has grown
ill but gains his strength back when he hears
that Violet has returned.
Violet approaches her father, covered in blood
while carrying the ogre's head to present
to her father.
Filled with grief and fear, the King kneels
before her and begs for her forgiveness.
The rest of the court kneels before their
princess, who pities her father but succumbs
to tears as well.
Days later, Violet is crowned as the Queen
of Highhills, finally taking charge of her
life.
The King of Strongcliff, Dora, and Elias attend
her coronation.
Above them, an acrobat walks on a tightrope
on fire in honor of the family of acrobats
who died after rescuing Violet.
While everyone's eyes are on the performance,
fate plays a cruel trick on Dora as she notices
her skin begin to wither and wrinkle.
Horrified, she rushes out of the castle, unable
to face her husband in her true form.